Make future and stream element types optional (#440)
WebAssembly/component-model: design/mvp/Explainer.md

value may not be ready at the same time as the other synchronous parameters or
results.

The `T` element type of `stream` and `future` is an optional `valtype`. As with
variant-case payloads and function results, when `T` is absent, the "value(s)"
being asynchronously passed can be thought of as [unit] values. In such cases,
there is no representation of the value in Core WebAssembly (pointers into
linear memory are ignored) however the *timing* of completed reads and writes

> is observable and meaningful. Thus, empty futures and streams can be useful for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the number of elements they contain are observable and meaningful. Thus, empty futures and streams can be useful for
```
